Hey, Good, how about yourself?
or future family trip, right?
Past and future.
Oh, wow, it's probably the last one.
Moved around everywhere?
Like went to Okinawa and like all that?
Winter cool cut too, right?
I forgot which we did first.
Well...
That's true.
See, I I remember so little of that because I was I wasn't that old.
Oh , oh, that one. Oh, you're talking about that one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, okay. No, there was a...
Is it a woman that *** *** does?
Yeah, I don't, yeah, I wasn't coming to school, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I thought you were like, that was because your pastor passed away?
Oh, I thought It was, I don't remember being that amazing.
Well, that was weather-related, yeah, yeah. You're talking about the one where we got all stuck, right? Because of the snowing?
Yeah. But yeah, I still had fun though.
But I feel bad for the kids not being able to go snowboarding and skiing.
Yeah, but if the weather didn't get crazy, they might have gone.
Oh, so skiing or snowboarding wasn't on the cards to begin with?
They, that young?
Oh, that's right. I was with Sammy still. Yeah, yeah, yeah, a long time ago.
But it was fun though. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, the crew's like, well, you know.
especially for kegel all that planning it was, it was a job.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's a lot.
That's a lot. And then everybody that dropped off like flies getting sick, you know?
At the very end, remember like going home?
No, no, no, yeah. Uh.
Yeah, yeah. No, it was like, you know how you wake up early?
To get off the roll? Yeah, that's when I started feeling it.
Yeah, she was like fine. Well, she works as a nurse.
So she's like vaccinated for everything.
Also, yeah
Yeah, actua-  that was mild right?
yeah yeah yeah. So.
Yeah, yeah, that's good.
How many crews?
I mean, if everybody went, I won't say no.
But  It's a cruise is definitely not something I'm going to seek out. Especially not on Carnival.
Yeah.
Uh. I think I'd rather go on like a regular room in a different, just to try it out,
Like this cartologue.
Yeah, and then when you look here on the news about like...
Ships breaking down? It's always a carnival ship.
Yeah, have you noticed that? It's always a carnival show.
Oh heck yeah!
Oh, that was loud.